c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.dll.config
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.pdb
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.dll
c:\users\eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.pdb
C:\Users\Eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Eternal-lap\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.dll.config
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Veeraxml.pdb
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.dll
E:\Projects\Veeraxml\Veeraxml\obj\Debug\Veeraxml.pdb
